---
date: 2018-07-10
title: My to-do list
layout: post
---

I have a secret to-do list. The problem with my secret
to-do list, though, is that it’s easy for me to forget what
is on it.<!-- FOLD --> Because it’s not anywhere extant in
writing—that’s how secret it is. If it were recorded
anywhere outside my mind, it wouldn’t be so secret. Even if
were perfectly hidden from the eyes of others, I would
still know where it was and would be tempted to look at it.
So it would be a secret from all others, but not from me.
If it’s not written down, I can’t look at it, and so it can
be a secret from me too—just to the extent that I don’t
remember I have it. But this is the trouble, that in order
to preserve its secrecy, I don’t often call it to mind—or,
I sometimes call to mind individual items that happen to be
on the list, but not often in the context of the list, and
I very rarely think of the list as a whole. And the trouble
is that because of this, I run the risk of forgetting its
structure—and should I forget the structure of the list,
even if I remember, individually and not necessarily at the
same time, each of its items,—then the list is no longer.
Because it exists only in my mind, you see—there’s nothing
and no one else to testify to it.
